hey guys builds lloyd here from actually
hardcore overclocking and today we're
gonna be doing a top 18 motherboard list
for the a m4 platform going all the way
from X 570 down to you know $700 X 570
motherboard there's only one of those
down to as low as a $70 before 50 board
basically covering the full spectrum
here so let's get into it because
there's quite a lot of boards with there
being 18 the first one on the list is
the x5 70 horas extreme right here
before that this video is brought to you
by Thermal Grizzlies conduct a not
liquid metal conductor not as what we've
used in all of our liquid metal and
delayed thermal tests capable of
dropping CV thermals significantly and
replacing the stock thermal interface
over CPU thermals don't just allow
better overclocks but also lower noise
levels because the transfer efficiency
is increased the mix of gallium and
indium makes for a thermal conductivity
of 73 watts per meter Kelvin outclassing
traditional pastes significantly learn
more at the link in the description
below and this board got onto the list
because it's fully passive in my opinion
in terms of feature set you can get like
if you want 10 gig LAN there are two
cheaper options but this does have 10
Giga quanta it also has the one who gig
Intel but that standard the the
motherboards that have 10 gig typically
have dual line it's about 3 m dot two
slots there are cheaper options for that
as well six SATA ports cheaper options
for that as well Wi-Fi six cheaper
options for that as well
it's called BIOS flashback clear seam
also in the rear i/o there's cheaper
options if you want those features as
well it's got a postcode you can get
that for as low as around 250 dollars
yeah like the only really noteworthy
feature that like this motherboard has
that nothing else has is the fact that
it's passive as it doesn't have a fan
but in my experience the x5 70 chipset
fan doesn't really turn on so I'm not
really sure that I would pay $700 to
have a motherboard that doesn't have a
fan so anyway the other thing that this
kind of neat about this board is is it
does have basically the best VR I'm on
x5 270
however x5 70 being the like the thing
is Rison 3000 series CPUs does just
don't overclock very much
so the fact that this vrm is absolutely
amazing is kinda useless so yeah like
the still if you want a passive
motherboard the you know or you you just
have way too much money and you've run
out of things to spend it on this is not
this is my favorite option for for $700
motherboard because it does do basically
everything the only thing it doesn't do
is it doesn't have Thunderbolt 3 and
that's why the x5 70 creator got onto
the list now compared to the extreme you
do lose - I'm not - slots but this does
have Thunderbolt 3 it has the 10 gig
line it still has a post code it has a
power button reset button clear CMOS
miles flashback functionality the vrm
here is a 12 phase instead of the 14
well actually I don't know why we're
going into the details the vrm on this
is just worse than the vrm on the
extreme but by not a significant amount
and again the rise in 3000 doesn't
really overclock so it's really kind of
like academic that there's the vrm on
this is inferior
anyway this goes for around $500 and
really if you're looking for the
Thunderbolt 3 and the 10 gig line this
is basically your best option
assuming you also wanted on x5 70
because there are there is an even
cheaper way to get the 10 gig line as
well as the Thunderbolt 3 though you
can't get both of them at once if you're
if you're going cheaper so anyway that's
that's the x5 70 creator it's just here
because it offers the sort of most
advanced package of connectivity with
the Thunderbolt 3 and the 10 gig and of
course it still has all of the usual
overclocking features so moving on from
that we have the x5 70 Oris master this
vrm is based on the vrm of the x5 70 or
s extreme it's just downgraded in terms
of top maximum current handling
capability but the control scheme is
still the same so the V arm on this
thing is absolutely great as useless as
that is on the 3000 3000 platform you've
got your postcode it's got dual BIOS so
I think I forgot to mention yeah the
extreme has dual BIOS which is kind of a
unique feature to gigabyte motherboards
most board vendors don't bother with it
these days yeah but this has dual BIOS
it's got a postcode clear CMOS smile
flashback functionality two and a half
gig line one gig line three MDOT to
sloths six SATA ports it's basically the
extreme minus the fact that it you know
it's not passive and it's not completely
passive it's still gonna be mostly
passive anyway it's not like the fan has
to turn on that often in my experience
it never does except if you like reset
the CMOS anyway for like initial startup
so yeah it's basically an extreme - the
10 gig and - the passive chipset cooler
and then the V RM is a slight downgrade
that's it like there's really very
little difference between these two
boards and this goes for around three
hundred and sixty dollars so about half
the price of the extreme while doing
basically everything the extreme does
which is why the only reason the extreme
gone to the list is because it's it's
passive now if you hate gigabyte
motherboards for whatever reason I don't
really care there's just people who
don't like the BIOS and other things
another solid option would be the ROG
crosshair a hero this is a very
different approach to the VR I'm
designed this only has seven phases in
total but it's actually still a really
great vrm it's just asus does their VRMs
differently i'm not gonna go into
details on why ultimately it doesn't
matter like the vrm on this is still
great it's just not like this is a
twelve phase that's a twelve phase
that's a fourteen this is a seven for
the v core portion the SOC portion
doesn't really matter so anyway you know
so the vrm on this is still really
really great you still have your
postcode this doesn't have the dual BIOS
it does have BIOS flashback it does have
clear CMOS instead of three ml two slots
you get only two and instead of but you
do get eight SATA ports instead of six
so that's kind of neat this also has a
safe boot button and a retry button
which are for me the highlight features
mother with this motherboard because
while safe boot can be extremely handy
if you're messing around with like
memory overclocking and you're not
particularly great at it or if you just
don't remember to save profiles other
than that like it still has the two and
a half gig line as well as the one gig
line it still has the Wi-Fi six which
the master also had like this this is
basically the
Asus version of a master the one
downside to this board is that if you
buy it with Wi-Fi it's it's three
hundred and eighty dollars with the
Wi-Fi so it's twenty bucks more
expensive than the master in general and
if you buy it without the Wi-Fi then you
can get it for 360 which the master is
always with the Wi-Fi there's no option
for an online version and it's all the
masters always 360 so yeah that's kind
of the thing you like if you don't use
the Wi-Fi like these two boards are
equivalent in terms of price point if
you do care if you do want the Wi-Fi
this is a little bit cheaper anyway so
moving on next we get the x5 seven to
unify the reason why this gets onto the
list is this is a great overclocking
board you've got a solid 12 phase VR I'm
very similar to what you get on the
Creator which is technically inferior to
the 12 phase on this so now this is a
this is a like basically the same 12
phase that you'd get on the x5 70
creator from asrock it's got miles
flashback it's got clear CMOS it's got a
post code power button reset button the
one downside to this motherboard is it's
only got four SATA ports but it does
have three I'm about two slots so
basically if you just want really good
over like if you just want overclocking
features and you don't really care about
advanced connectivity or anything like
that because the other thing this
sacrifices is you do only have two and a
half gig lan you don't get the you don't
get do old land so you don't get a one
gig but this still has the Wi-Fi six so
you know if you don't need to LAN ports
then this is a solid option as well and
this comes in at $300 so you know if you
want a cheaper you know very capable
overclocking board this is it the x5
seven to unify again though like you'll
only really make it like this board will
only give you a real advantage of your
own like a 39 50 X or a 3900 X anyway so
going down from the unify you could go
with the asrock x5 70 Tai Chi which
offers a very similar feature set in
that it has the clear CMOS it has the
post code it has the reset power bus and
BIOS flash back functionality this only
has two m dot two slots and instead of
four SATA ports it has eight SATA ports
so more SATA less m dealt to the VRML
this is a slight downgrade
compared to what the VLSI board is
running as this is on 50 amp hour stages
whereas the msi boards on 60 s not
that's a particularly useful difference
because both prm's are more than capable
of powering even a 39 50 X this instead
of having the so the unify has two and a
half gig line this is on one gig and
this still has Wi-Fi six now this board
is even cheaper than the unify so this
goes for around three hundred to two
hundred and sixty dollars when it's on
sale which it tends to be pretty
regularly which is why this gets onto
the list because if you want things like
the postcode and just a solid vrm and
just all of the different overclocking
features this is the cheapest
motherboard you can get them on the
biggest downside in my opinion is that
instead of you know have it like instead
of having MSI BIOS or gigabyte BIOS or
Asus BIOS which in my opinion are all
better BIOS is then asrock BIOS while
you're stuck with as rock piles because
this is an AZ rocker board and it's not
to say that the asrock BIOS is in feet
light it's not so a funny thing about as
rock piles it tends to have more
settings in it than the other boards
it's just that you kinda take a gamble
on how many of those settings actually
work and the BIOS is generally kind of
clunky so that's the the thing I like
it's a it's kind of messy it's like the
organization of the BIOS is kind of
awful sometimes things that should work
don't work sometimes things that like
I've seen like the issue is like on
really low end as rock boards I've run
into biases where it's like there are
settings in the BIOS that the
motherboard physically doesn't support
and it's just like they forgot to remove
that like why is this here so as rocks
BIOS is kind of not great but if you can
live with it you can say you know if you
can live with house rock pile so you can
save like another forty dollars over
something like the unify which this
house MSI BIOS which in my opinion is 4x
well generally for the am4 platform one
of the easy actually no any platform I
really like the MSI BIOS for a while now
so since like X 99 it's been one of my
favorite BIOS is to use so yeah I would
take the MSI BIOS any day of the week
over the Oz rock one but hey if you can
live with the as rock one this is this
is a
cheaper option to get a very similar
feature set to the unify so that's why
that gets onto the list next we have the
x4 70 Taichi ultimate the only reason
this gets onto the list is it tends to
go for around two hundred and seventy
dollars and it has ten geegland
now the vrm on this is a another step
down in significant stale because
honestly the prm's on all of these
higher end boards are kind of ridiculous
overkill but uh another slight step down
in vrm again still has a postcode still
has power button reset button clear sea
Wolf's bios flashback support the
biggest downside with this motherboard I
can think of is that this is on a teat
apology memory layout and I'm pretty
sure this one's actually just bad so
because I have a extra like I have an X
370 Taichi which is also a teat apology
I don't believe asrock ever redesigned
the memory layout the memory
overclocking experience on the X 370 Tai
Chi's not great I've heard from other
people that the X 470 Taichi is also not
that great so you might find that memory
overclocking on this is gonna be kind of
painful whereas I have tested an X 570
Taichi that's on a daisy-chain it's just
like it's great but this is a teat
apology and I don't really think it's
down to the topology I just think as
rocks screwed something up with the
board in general so well something with
the memory either biocide or topology
side it's just the this this board is
probably the most like the the likeliest
to give you memory issues however if you
just want 10 gig line this is the
cheapest way to get it and you'll have
memory issues at like over 3200
megahertz up to 3200 it's fine
the the X 470 actually with rides and
third gens memory controller it'll
probably be fine all the way up to 3600
but yeah it's just like if you buy this
hopefully you're more experienced with
memory overclocking then not like if
you're not experienced with memory
overclocking this is probably a bad idea
anyway moving on we have the ROG Strix
x5 70 I gaming this is literally the
best VR atom you can get on an ITX
motherboard on a m4 and that's why it's
on the list being an ITX motherboard it
has
absolutely no overclocking features
except for a couple color-coded LEDs for
troubleshooting and yeah there's no post
there's no BIOS flashback clear to see
well it's nothing like that there's like
well there's a jumper but you don't get
any like buttons for anything so yeah
it's you know it's an ITX board there's
just not enough space for that kind of
thing but if you just want a 90 X board
where you can really just push a 3950 X
to the limit this is it because all the
other boards have weaker power delivery
systems than this so yeah and this tends
to go for around two hundred and fifty
dollars now then moving on another ITX
board that's worth noting that's
noteworthy is the x5 70 phantom gaming
ITX 2 / TB 3 now big downside with this
motherboard is that this does have LGA
mounting holes for some reason so
mounting heat sinks on this thing is
going to be an adventure however it does
come with Thunderbolt 3 and it tends to
go from 220 dollars the vrm on this is
actually worse than what you would get
on the Strix board so if you just want
to overclock get the Strix also it's
worth noting that the Asus board is
advertised as supporting 4800 megahertz
and the asrock portion is advertised as
supporting only 45:33 this is rather low
for an ITX motherboard in general like
ITX boards should generally be better at
memory overclocking than similarly
priced ATX boards so the fact that this
is advertised as 45:33 is not exactly
confidence-inspiring at the same time on
Rison 3rd gen as long as you can go up
to like 30 800 megahertz it doesn't
really matter that you can't go past it
so yeah it's just that the like if you
want to like if you want to overclock
for like well basically for the sake of
overclocking this is going to be the
better board because this seems to have
the superior memory support this on the
other hand is just like it has
Thunderbolt 3 and that's really the only
reason I would consider buying it for so
yeah anyway moving on again we've got
the x5 70 horas elite now at this point
we're down to 200 - 170 dollars the
elite comes with or without Wi-Fi
depending on how much
want to spend without the Wi-Fi it's a
bit cheaper with the Wi-Fi tends to be a
little bit more expensive so closer to
that $200 price you get a really solid
vrm you get to I'm not two slots you
guess six SATA ports you don't get any
troubleshooting features whatsoever
there's no LEDs nothing and some people
might be like oh but you can buy a
little speaker or your case might come
with the speaker and it's just like yeah
but the speaker beeps at you and that's
enough that's obnoxious in my opinion so
yeah I much prefer LEDs for
troubleshooting and this doesn't have
any but it is still a you know solid
motherboard in terms of just like the
power delivery and it still comes with
like intel on the rear i/o is good so
this is definitely like the if you don't
mind the lack of troubleshooting
features this is kind of my go-to
motherboard 4 X 570 because it's it's
200 to 170 dollars right so it's pretty
cheap it kind of does everything yeah
this is a really great option now at
this price point you could also consider
the tough XY tough gaming X 570 plus
with Wi-Fi or with or without Wi-Fi from
Asus this tends to go for around 200 to
170 dollars as well so literally the
same price range as the elite this has
some troubleshooting LEDs that are color
coded the vrm on this is a very
different approach but somewhat similar
results in terms of power hand well
actually the same results in terms of
power handling capability slight
advantage in terms of actual voltage
regulation the thing with this board is
instead of the one gig Intel you get you
get real tech land so you know I
personally prefer Intel and so that's
kind of that and yeah but still if
you're gonna use the Wi-Fi then I'd
actually probably just go for the the
Wi-Fi version of the tough and if you're
not gonna use the Wi-Fi well you could
probably still go for the tough anyway
right like it's still got the - I'm not
- slots it actually comes with eight
SATA ports instead of just six so yeah
like between these two you know you
could flip a coin and it would be a
perfectly good purchasing decision in my
opinion - to choose one of these based
on a coin flip
personally I don't really see like you
might prefer Asus miles you might prefer
gigabyte vials either one is completely
fine and these are really my kind of go
to motherboards on X 570 cuz they just
kind of do everything you need and
they're like they're affordable they're
200 to 170 dollars right so at least buy
X 517 motherboard standards that's
affordable so anyway then we've got the
last X 570 motherboard and this is the
prime X 570 - P the reason why this gets
onto the list is because this has the
same vrm that you would get on a Maximus
11 hero actually even a Maximus 11
formula technically has a very similar
vrm to this so at this price point which
this goes for around 170 to 150 dollars
this has the best vrm you can get at
this price point so if you want to you
know just buy a 3950 yeah like this
doesn't have any troubleshooting
features it doesn't come with Wi-Fi the
rear i/o is rather stripped-down it's
not that bad though you still get a
total of 8 USB ports you only get your
one gig in one gig real Techland the
audio section is barely even visible
motherboard because it's so stripped
down but uh yeah if you don't care about
any of that right and you just want your
two PCIe slots and your 2m adult two
slots as well as eight SATA ports this
is a really solid option as far as
motherboards go in my opinion like if
you will just want to push around a 3950
ax or thirty-nine hundred X in terms of
overclocking and you want to do some
memory overclocking this is a really
solid option in fact in terms of
overclocking and should behave very very
similar to how the tough the X 570 tough
gaming plus does while costing another
you know $20 lat well well it kind of
depends on what you see the price but
generally about thirty to twenty dollars
less so yeah not much of a loss in terms
of anything it's just yeah cheap like
this is a really great board in terms of
well the build quality like at this
price point you're just not gonna find a
better built board and that's that's
kind of that so this also makes a lot of
the cheaper X force
t motherboards like if you're
considering those I would just get this
instead right similarly if you're just
considering like cheaper x3 17
motherboards that might be on sale I
would still just get this instead
assuming they're at a similar price so
yeah really really like if you just need
the motherboard to do motherboard things
and no extras this is it anyway now we
get into the B 450 motherboards and
we're gonna start off with the B 450 I
gaming plus from MSI this is the best B
450 ITX motherboard you can buy in terms
of erm and kind of in terms of features
as well alright you've got a solid rear
i/o option you've got your Wi-Fi you've
got the the VR I'm on this is a six
phase using a bunch of international
rectifier 60 amp power stages you also
get a 2 phase SOC VRM like honestly this
is like if they made this as M ATX
motherboard it would be my go to a mate
exp 450 motherboard as well so yeah this
is the best option in terms of ITX B 450
motherboards and it tends to go for
around 125 dollars it also manages to
fit a couple troubleshooting LEDs right
above the CPU socket they are all single
color but you know at least you have
something to tell what part of the boot
process the motherboard is in which is
pretty useful when you're doing
overclocking so that's why it gets onto
the list next and honestly I would
actually well the thing is as far as
what CPUs I'd install into this a 3700 X
should be absolutely no problem with a
3900 X or 3950 X if you decide to
overclock them it's really gonna depend
how much airflow you're giving that vrm
because it is capable it's just that
really depends on how much air flow you
have so yeah because the thing is with
ITX motherboards it's not so much about
what components make up the vrm it's
just like how is the VR I'm actually
being cooled which in a lot of cases is
it's just kind of not because it's it's
too small and there's no airflow so it's
kind of that anyway next we have the MSI
B 450 tomahawk max now this thing is so
this motherboard is goes for around $120
and unfortunately it's not that
rate in terms of feature set you only
get one MDOT two slaw a total of six
SATA ports the rear i/o is also not that
great in my opinion right like you only
get what is it like five normal USB
ports and then a type C but this does
have BIOS flashback and it has one of
the best VRMs on B 450 as and you have
that heat saying you've got proper
voltage control support which like
that's actually a big deal at this price
range because like the gigabyte
motherboards on B 450 the voltage
control is painful very painful so yeah
the board lot like the thing is if you
want to do like if you want to mess
around with overclocking I would go for
this but the feature set on this is kind
of limited which brings me to the B 450
mortar max now the problem with the B
450 M mortar max is that it's not in
like it's I've never seen it in stock in
the US in the UK it goes for around a
hundred to ninety pounds so it's really
not that expensive and it has one of the
best feature sets of any be 450
motherboard out there you get your solid
vrm you got the nice vrm heatsink you've
got you know troubleshooting LEDs which
this also has you've got when you know
four only four SATA ports which is kind
of a downside but it does have a two m
dot two slots the rear i/o doesn't look
like a complete disaster
it's got BIOS flashback support then
sits a sense it's a max board it
actually gets the fully fledged MSI BIOS
instead of just the stripped-down one
and so this is a really really great
motherboard and I really wish it was
available like if this was available in
the US I would just go like this is the
B 450 motherboard you should buy unless
there's something very very specific
that this doesn't do because this board
is like this is literally as far as I'm
concerned this is literally better than
the tomahawk like I don't get why MSI
isn't shipping these to the US because
it is better than the like it is better
in terms of its well on part in in terms
of features it tends to be on par with
some of the ATX boards but the vrm is
just better than everything else except
like the tomahawk and then msi Zone B
450 gaming Pro carbon so like I have no
idea why why it's so hard to find one
these but these are freaking awesome
although in Europe they're actually
write ugly available it's just in the
u.s. that you seem to get screwed on em
ATX motherboards so so yeah now if you
do want a motherboard with some features
and don't really care about overclocking
whatsoever there's the B 450 or s elite
and I say overclocking whatsoever
because the VR I'm on that like if you
start trying to overclock with this and
you realize that the voltage control is
just weird and your voltage readings
don't make any sense and that's just a
problem with this vrm that's that's
basically why I don't recommend B for 50
gigabyte boards but I can't deny that
you know the rear i/o on this is rather
decent and it does have - I'm not - slot
switch the tomahawk doesn't have and
this tends to go for around $110 so
that's why it gets onto the list because
it actually has a decent feature set
it's not really that expensive and it
does still have troubleshooting LEDs as
well as six SATA ports though they are
very awkward because you have two of
them up there then you have two down
here and then the two more in the middle
over here so they're just kind of all
over the board but at least they're
there so yeah it's not really like my
favorite like I would not if you have
any plans of overclocking I would really
like memory you'll be fine
its CPU overclocking on this is gonna be
a horrible mess and if you're not
experienced with dealing with low-end
gigabyte motherboards because if you
know how to deal with low-end gigabyte
motherboards it's not that bad it's just
that if you've never dealt with the
things that these boards do you're gonna
have no idea what's going on and it's
gonna be really really frustrating so
yeah but if you just never touch the
overclocking settings for the CPU then
you'll be fine and PBO will still work
like PBO doesn't count as overclocking
because you're basically just telling
AMD's automatic boost algorithm to do
more boost so I don't consider that
overclocking because you're still within
and the like you're extending the AMD
specification a bit anyway next we've
got the B 450 gaming + max so this gets
onto the list because the Tomahawks 120
dollars this is a hundred this still has
the same well similar rear i/o I'd argue
this is a better rear i/o because this
actually has six useful sized USB ports
and instead of the Type C I know the
type C is supposed to be like the the
USB of the of the future but honestly I
don't have anything that plugs into a
type C except my phone and the charger
ends in a regular USB plugs that's not
helpful
so yeah this only has one m2 slot but
this does have the same vrm as the
tomahawk it just downgrades the vrm heat
sinks it has BIOS flash back it's got
troubleshooting LEDs honestly the
overclocking experience on this is gonna
be really really nice it's just that
yeah you give up quite a lot of features
it does have six SATA ports it's just
like yeah you don't have multiple
end-all two slots that's really the
biggest downside with this board if I
had one more ml to slot this would kind
of be my go-to as well as if it had a
few more USB ports anyway this thing
tends to go for around $100 so yeah if
you just want to have overclocking
support that isn't painful this is the
best option and that brings us to the
last board in my list and that's the B
450 or ascend it could be worse and
that's why this motherboard got onto the
list it could be worse the rear i/o is
actually not a complete disaster you get
an m dot - slaw and it you actually even
get a heatsink for the m dot - so that's
kind of impressive the four SATA ports
in total and does have troubleshooting
LEDs it also has dual BIOS which
interestingly enough the elite for
whatever reason doesn't have dual BIOS
don't ask me well how that works like
seriously feature decisions that various
motherboard vendors don't make a lot of
sense a lot of the time but yeah this
has the same vrm as the B 450 or s elite
so all of the issues that I said the
elite would have yeah this would have
them - in terms of voltage control so
again I would not recommend this if
you're a beginner to overclocking
because nothing like the but it's just
not gonna make any sense cuz gigabyte
gigabytes voltage controller on these
boards just behave is weird
and it breaks things like software
voltage readings like that's the biggest
issue is just like you're gonna make a
voltage adjustment
you're gonna have the CPU running a
static overclock and your voltage
readings are just not gonna make any
sense because I don't actually know what
they did I don't know how they got that
Oh way it has six SATA ports so yeah you
know you get a decent set of features I
would just not overclock on this
whatsoever
so yeah but at $70 like the thing is you
you can still go down maybe another $20
but at that point you're getting
motherboards with no VR I mean heat
sinks barely any USB ports barely any
SATA ports bare really barely anything
on the motherboard at that point like
your baby you're paying for having a CPU
socket and a and a power connector so
yeah those are boards that I would just
below this I would just avoid the
motherboards completely so yeah that's
that's the top 18 Am for motherboards
for for 2019 winter in my opinion you
know my biggest highlights I would say
like this this is literally the best B
450 motherboard in terms of price point
feature set vrm everything like this is
great I don't know why it's so hard to
find in the US and then for X 570 I'd
say tough or the elite those are sort of
the highlight boards then I'd probably
say unify if you want to overclocking
experience that's really nice but don't
want to spend three more than three
hundred dollars and then this because of
the connectivity that's you know this is
a really cool board because of the
combination of the Thunderbolt 3 as well
as the 10 gig LAN so if you're kind of
building a workstation that needs those
two things well you don't really have
any other options because this is the
only board that comes with both of them
at the same time so yeah those are sort
of my four high like absolute highlights
out of this list but really any
motherboard on this list except like the
the bottom well these two these these
two are terrible for overclocking so
like the bottom three are where it's
like I don't like those very much but
people complain if I don't recommend
motherboards below $100 so here's your
motherboard below $100 anyway yeah
that's that's might be 450 I mean M for
mother motherboard highlights list is
just like and honestly like if you're
not overclocking you can arguably put a
even a 39 50 X into something like this
the thing is I fully expect your CPU to
throttle if you run all core workloads
like it will not boost as much as if you
actually had a proper motherboard and by
a proper motherboard I mean something
like this because this can actually
handle up to around 150 200 watts of CPU
power consumption this can't okay and
that's kind of the thing is just like
the 3900 X the 39 50 X they will
actually boost to around a hundred and
forty watts if they're given if the
motherboard is capable of supporting
that and well yeah if if the motherboard
is not capable of supporting that they
will slow down into the hundred and five
watt TDP that they're normally rated for
so that's kind of the thing is like the
AMD CPUs they perform differently
depending on which motherboard you
install them in so if you install them
in something really low end they're
gonna slow down and if you want to
overclock then you really should be
looking at you know especially if you're
looking at like overclocking the 12 core
or the 16 core at the bare minimum I
would get this ideally you'd go for like
a tough we're an elite but the bare
minimum would be this and then you know
upwards it's just like you know well you
want things like a postcode you want
things like a V RM that's never gonna
let's gonna run ice cold no matter what
right that kind of thing that's what you
start getting into with the you know
$300 boards so yeah anyway that's the
that's the m4 lineup I mean m4
highlights done so thanks for watching
like share subscribe leave any comments
questions suggestions down in the
comment section below and if you'd like
to support us here at gamers Nexus we've
got a patreon where you can support us
directly there's a link to that down in
the description and then there's of
course store dot gamers Nexus dotnet
where you can pick up gamers Nexus merch
like mod maths shirts glasses that kind
of thing for glasses for like drinking a
tell
so yeah that's it for the video thanks
for watching and good bye
[Music]